1.
	Version of linux distribution and version of kernel:
		uname -a

	Ram:
	    	cat /proc/meminfo
		sudo lshw -c memory	
	
	Path of current shell:
		cat $SHELL

	Current network interfaces and IP addresses:
		ifconfig

2.
	
	which - returns the paths of the scripts that would be executed on specific command invocations
	pwd - prints the working directory
	who - print information about all currently logged-in users
	whoami - print the user name associated with the current effective user ID
	whereis - locates the binary, source and manual files for the specified command names
	whatis - searches the manual page names and displays the descriptions of any name matched

3. 

	The "type" command can be used, followed by the command name in order to tell if the command is internal or external

	./hello specifies that the command is in the current directory, so the OS doesn't have to search through the entire PATH before finally checking it.

	Three external commands on the system:
		htop
		vim
		nano

4.
	
	To find documentation on the export command, one may use the --help parameter when executing the command

	You can add the current directory to PATH with
		export PATH=$PATH:/.
	
	To make it permanent, you may add it to the .bashrc file so that it runs when the terminal is opened

5.
	One may use the ls command with the -lg parameters, followed by the path to the file to see the permissions

	htop: -rwxr-xr-x, owned by root
	htop: lrwxrwxrwx, owned by root
	nano: -rwxr-xr-x, owned by root
	
6. 
	
	r - read
	w - write
	x - execute
	- - no permission

7. 

	passwd:
		owner - root
		group - root
		permissions - -rw-r--r--

	shadow:
		owner - shadow
		group - shadow
		permissions - -rw-r-----

8. 

	Execute permission on a directory mean that you can access the directory and any of the files within it. It also allows you to look at extended information on said files

9.

	ls can be passed the -a flag to see the hidden files
	it can also be passed the -l and -g flags to see the permissions and groups respectively

	You may make a file hidden by putting a period to the front of the filename

10.

	It seems as though the program is confined to the current directory - the parent directories are not accessible

	Ctrl-c can be used to exit the shell whereas bash does not have the same functionality

	Aliases do not seem to work, such as ll

	File types are not colored
